Add multiple tsconfigs for different environments (#60)
vercel/style-guide: README.md

## TypeScript

> This guide provides multiple TypeScript configuration options. These configs correlate to the major Node.js versions and configure the appropriate `lib`, `module`, `target`, and `moduleResolution` settings. The table below specifies the config name with the Node.js version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This style guide provides multiple TypeScript configs. These configs correlate to LTS Node.js versions, providing the appropriate `lib`, `module`, `target`, and `moduleResolution` settings for each version. The following configs are available:
```

| Node.js Version | TypeScript Config       |
| --------------- | ----------------------- |

> | v16             | `typescript/node16`     |

Reviewer: Can we put the full paths in here, as we do in other sections of the README? i.e. `@vercel/style-guide/typescript/node16`

| v18             | `typescript/node18`     |
| v20             | `typescript/node20`     |
| v20 (ESM)       | `typescript/node20-esm` |

> > When using `node20-esm`, don't forget to set `{ "type": "module" }` in your `package.json`

Reviewer: I think we can drop the `esm` branch based on discussions?

To use the shared TypeScript config, set the following in `tsconfig.json`.

```json
{
  "extends": "@vercel/style-guide/typescript/node16"
}
```

> The base TypeScript config is also available as `@vercel/style-guide/typescript` which only specifies a set of general rules such as `esModuleInterop`, `strict`, and `noUncheckedIndexedAccess`.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the file instead? As we'll otherwise need to remember to change this list if/when that file changes.

> Why do `node20` and `node20-esm` use the same `lib` and `target` as `node18`?
>

> > The lib and target fields are the same because Node.js v18 implemented support for some ES2023 methods. And since TypeScript does not allow us to specify types for individual features (and rather sets of features such as `ESNext.AsyncIterable`) we must use `ES2023` in the `lib` array for Node.js v18. Furthermore, once TypeScript releases a `"target": "ES2023"`, then the Node.js v20 configuration will be updated to that (assuming Node.js v20 fully supports ES2023).

Reviewer: This feels like more of an implementation detail that users shouldn't need to worry about, so whilst I don't mind leaving it, I don't _feel_ that it's necessary.

Reviewer 2: Yeah seems like its better to move that into the PR description instead
